Is El Paso a Good Place to Live.
A question asked by many who relocate to the
city.
To get personalized listings delivered to
your inbox daily visit: http://susanflores.com
Located in the great state of Texas ... El
Paso is Known as the "Pass to the North" and
lies between 3 states and 2 Counties and is
the only major Texas City on Mountain Standard
Time.
WE are the 6th most populous city in the state
of Texas.
El Paso is home to over 900,000 People
Is El Paso a Good Place to Live - Other Reasons
El Paso is also Home to the US ARMY POST of
Ft Bliss.
It is one of the largest military complexes
of the US Army which resides in the heart
of the city.
Ft Bliss is also home to the US Army Air Defense
Artillery School.
The Franklin Mountains are a sight to see.
They lend themselves to beautiful southwest
sunsets.
During the Spring time, Yellow poppy flowers
grace both sides of the mountain.
El Paso is now Home to Texas Tech Medical
School and the newly opened State of the Art
Women's and Children's Hospital.
UTEP has found a home here in El Paso for
nearly 100 years and ranks in the top ten
for its Engineering Graduate program for the
8th year in a row.
Each year in December , UTEP plays host to
the Nationally Televised Collegiate Sun Bowl
Football Game.
It Bringing thousands of people and Millions
of Revenue dollars into the City of El Paso.
El Paso is also known for its authentic Mexican
food.
There are many family owned restaurants that
have made a home here for generations.
If you are Looking for a twist on Mexican
food you will find that at the iconic CHICO's
Tacos.
For those looking for fun, a two and half
hour drive will put you in the small resort
town of Ruidoso, New Mexico . You will find
Skiing at Ski Apache and a great Resort at
Inn of the Mountain Gods.
Food, entertainment and gambling for your
pleasure.
So, now we answer the question of is El Paso
a good place to live?
If you are looking for a great place to live..
EL Paso is the right choice.
Good Weather, Entertainment, and most importantly
Affordable Housing.
Here you can find a home for Under 125 thousand
with 3 bedrooms and 2 full baths and live
comfortable.
So if you are in the market for a new or resale
home, give me call and I will make your dreams
of becoming a HOME OWNER a reality.
And you will find out just why El Paso is
a good place to live.